You find it the description of the coding process on this project.

About AI - I don't use ai much not because I don't trust or have something against but ussually it provides lots of information and depth which I don't like. So I use it as a next level googling too not something to generate code. As in this project a couple of times I used chatgpt occasionally to validate architectural choices basically to get any feedback if my decisions had any downsides or if I missed something. Also the lib/utils module in the project mainly generated by it and slightly adjusted by me to meet the project requirements.

Design decisions:
--- Stack
------- I chose react-query for api intergration and state-management. React query is an async state management library which integrates well with react declarative pattern. Why I chose it? The main reason is we don't have here much client state interaction it is mostly server state so If I chose redux for example I think it would be overkill for this project and what it will do it will just make a call and keep it in the store, which react query does  too. The other reason is  redux create lot of boilerplate code and many layers of abstraction (like reducers and actions) which again not ideal. From a technical standpoint react query also provides cache functionality out of the box, lots of api client interactions like retries, timeouts, configuring cache expiration time. To wrap up I prefer it because of the features it provides with minmal codebase. If the project grows I would Zustand to provide client side global store which is also a lightweight and straightforward library to use.
------- I chose shad cn and tailwind to create the ui. One of the advantages is that you can generate only the components you need and not install the whole ui library with accessibility feaures included out og the box. Also chose Tailwind for it's Jit compiler only the used utiltiy classes will be compiled. If there is a need for conditional styling I would go with css in js library like styled-components.
--- Speration of concerns
------- Most logic and state managemare delegated to utility functions or custom hooks to keep the components as presentational as possible. You can fund hooks under src/hooks directory to check the functionality delegated to each component. The hooks are reusable so every component can use it if needed. Each component only handles the functionality connected to it.

Estimated time 90 mins - It took a little bit for me, I think 2 hours, 2 hours 10 minutes. I don't rush to jump into coding right away but to make clear and right decisions which can be easily maintained in the future. I was trying to have a clear view of pros and cons of technologies and design decisions I made to start a project the right way.
